Young Master, please
I see.Do I have a room?
Hey brother, wait for me at home
I'll be right home
Li Yang, are you really not going home yet?
This starch is
Dad
Grandpa Weizi promised you
Wedding for you and the Mon
How can I secretly get the certificate without telling you why?
Grandpa, Meng Zhu and I both want a low-key life
That's why I practice bragging
Hahaha
Young people have their own ideas
No, thank you, grandpa and grandma.
Don't thank me yet
An hour later
Since you have seen the greatness of Immortal Temple Head
Can't be done hastily
Lord, this matter
I have other ideas
Think of something else
What do you want to say?
Sorry to disappoint you again.
I don't want to inherit anything
Gradually chasing